    Your Role 

	My role in our project is UI/UX Designer. I contributed to our project by creating a design for the website that our group chose to do. 
    The assigned pages for me to design are the sign in, signup, dashboard, and profile modal. It’s not new to me to create a design because in our previous project we did our own personal portfolio website. 
    This is my first time doing it for a group project. That's the challenging part because you need to satisfy the group mates and most especially the client. You need to consider other perspectives, not only yours.
    I always redesign my pages because it’s not the design that they want but I don’t take it personally because I accept it as a criticism that eventually will help me to improve myself. 
    This project is an eye opener for me to always seek for improvement and always look for the positive side in order to make a satisfactory performance that will help my group and me as a person. 


    Teamwork Experience

    The experience that I encountered is life-changing at least for me. There are so many realizations that this experience taught me. 
    In a group you should always open for criticism because they are there not to invalidate you but to teach me to improve yourself because it’s a betterment for all.
    You always stick to your goal and listen to a leader because they cannot function well without the cooperation of their groupmate. Even if they are good enough, if the groupmate doesn’t cooperate, it will be hard to complete the project. 
    What we need to improve in our team is the sense of responsibility because in a group every member has its function and by not doing that you can compromise the team. By being cooperative and doing your assigned role it will result in efficient completion of the project. 

    Personal Growth and discipline

    As a UI/UX designer I want to focus on improving myself in this aspect because I know that my skill is not enough and not passable.
    I learned that this role is crucial because it’s where you will know that the website is good if the design is good. You should always consider the client side because they are the one who will use the website, not your personal perspective. 
    In my role now in our capstone project is sqa so everything from the design down to functionality of a website I need to test it. I need to improve more because it will help me now in our project and most especially in the near future. 

